1) What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When I initialise a repository, the repository is created. I need it to track the future 
changes, to share with others.

2) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is the place where you put ready to commit files, the files you are finished
working with for now. But it is not committed yet. You can add files to the staging area 
one by one during working on some project and when you think all the changes for some one 
logical change are done you are ready commit it all in a batch.
When you stage the file it is still on your local branch but not yet available to others.
Different from working directory is that it is ready to commit.
I think it is a good idea to stage the files you are finished working with and add others
when they are done as well and then just commit in one batch.

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You add to staging only files for specific change and then commit

4) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
How would branches help?
When you want to implement a new feature and wanna work if it works it is better to create 
a separate branch. It helps to keep features separated till they are finished and only then
 merge them together. It allows you to be more organised.
 
 5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
 they help to see at what point new branch was created and helps you to see which commits
 it has and if there are untraceable commits
 
 6) What is the result of merging two branches together? 
 Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
 We merge the branches to have a branch with commits from both of them. 
 
 7) What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
 It is fast and easy, you dont loose any changes, if you have conflicts it shows.
Cant merge when there are conflicts, have to resolve them.. 